Add contribution guide (#16)
ros-controls/control.ros.org: contributing.rst

> First, thank you for considering contributing to the ROS control working group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, thank you for considering contributing to the ros2_control project.
```

As an open-source project, we welcome each contributor, regardless of their background and experience.

> To reduce the entropy of the universe and our vivid, open, and collaborative environment, we have set up so standards and methods for contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the entropy of the universe and our vivid, open, and collaborative environment, we have set up some standards and methods for contributions.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Pull Requests
===========

Requirements for pull requests are as follows:

1. Limited scope. Your PR should do one thing or one set of things. Avoid adding "random fixes" to PRs. Put those on separate PRs.

2. Give your PR a descriptive title. Add a short summary, if required.

3. Make sure the pipeline is green.

4. Don't be afraid to request reviews from maintainers.

5. New code = new tests. If you are adding new functionality, always make sure to add some tests exercising the code and serving as live documentation of your original intention.

```

Rules for the repositories and process of merging pull requests
================================================================

> This section targets maintainers, but you also welcome to read it to understand the process of handling PR in our organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section targets maintainers, but you are also welcome to read it to understand the process of how we handle PRs in our organization.
```

This guideline is especially applicable for the following repositories:

* ros2_control,
* ros2_controllers,
* ros2_control_demos.

Please keep the following in mind:

1. Please work from your fork when submitting PR. That way, we are keeping the main repo clean from feature branches.

2. Each PR should have all checks satisfied before they can be considered for merging.

3. Each PR must be approved by two maintainers (explicitly, please!). Only exceptions are PR's from other active maintainers in the repository, where one approval backed up with traceable discussion is sufficient.

>    **NOTE**: If you are not a maintainer, you are still encouraged to review the pull request. This helps us increase the review pace and increase code quality. Also, you are very likely to find some issues/limitations nobody else is seeing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **NOTE**: If you are not a maintainer, you are still encouraged to review pull requests. This helps us increase the review pace and increase code quality. Also, you are very likely to find some issues/limitations nobody else is seeing.
```

> 4. Always do "squash and merge" and clean a commit message from comments like "fixup linters", "use pre-commit", "correct header", or whatever. This means that each PR results in exactly one (1) commit on the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Always do "squash and merge" and clean a commit message from comments like "fixup linters", "use pre-commit", "correct header", or "Address review comments" and similar. This means that each PR results in exactly one (1) commit on the main branch.
```
